Update use-case demo documentation to reflect Web3Messaging integration (#220)
iExecBlockchainComputing/documentation-tools: overview/use-case-demo/web3messaging.md

<script setup>
import { Icon } from '@iconify/vue';
</script>

# Web3Messaging

<a href="https://demo.iex.ec/web3messaging/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer" style="display: inline-block; margin-top: 20px">
  <img src="/assets/web3messaging-screenshot.png" alt="Web3Messaging screenshot">
</a>

In the Web3 ecosystem, blockchain wallets serve as digital identities, creating
significant privacy risks due to public ledgers containing transaction histories
and assets.

> Web3Messaging, a core iExec use case, enables secure communications between Web3
> users and decentralized applications (dApps) while preserving privacy and
> requiring explicit consent. This technology allows for targeted messaging
> without compromising personal data, while empowering users to monetize their
> engagement with received communications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Web3Messaging, a core iExec use case, enables secure communication between Web3
users and decentralized applications (dApps) while preserving privacy and
requiring explicit user consent. It supports targeted messaging
without exposing personal data, and empowers users to monetize their
engagement with received communications.
```

## Key Components:

- **User Consent Management**: Users explicitly authorize sharing their data
  with third parties
- **Secure Data Sharing**: Confidential computing enables protected data
  exchange

> - **Privacy-Preserving Channels**: Third parties contact users without accessing
>   personal data directly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Privacy-Preserving Channels**: Third parties can contact users without accessing
personal data.
```

> - **Targeted Communication**: Reach relevant users without exposing their
>   personal information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Targeted Communication**: Reach relevant users without revealing their
identities.
```

- **User Monetization**: Users can earn rewards for engaging with communications

## Available Solutions

**Web3Mail**: Privacy-preserving email communications for Web3 users

> **Web3Telegram**: Our new solution extending private messaging capabilities via
> Telegram

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Web3Telegram**: A new solution extending private messaging to Telegram, while
protecting the user's chat ID.
```
